README.md, before:

// Installation 

Prepare Docker Desktop and K8s enable or Docker with K8s.
After install Docker and K8s, install Skaffold by this link: https://skaffold.dev/docs/install/ .

We will use Skaffold for managing K8s and CI/CD local change in k8s. 

Then add ingress nginx by this command: "kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/controller-v1.10.0/deploy/static/provider/aws/deploy.yaml"/
After the ingress, you must give 2 secret which is for JWT and Stripe key.
For example: 
 + "kubectl create secret generic jwt-secret --from-literal=JWT_KEY={put-jwt-secret-here}"
 + "kubectl create secret generic stripe-secret --from-literal STRIPE_KEY={put-the-secret-key-here}

// Note
- My Stripe key in code is hard code sorry for inconvenience, i might change later if i have free time.

// Execute
When everything's prepared go to console and run "skaffold -dev". The skaffold will pull the image from docker hub and also install Common package from my npm.

Wait till every image installed
+ You can access by the domain you manage in local (Which from C:\Windows\System32\Driver\etc\hosts) you can add "127.0.0.1 {your desire domain name}", in my case i change it into ticketing.dev and in k8s you must change in ingress.yaml
+ It will tell the web is not safe, this is because self signed certificate. Just ignore it by typing "thisisunsafe".

If there's no error, the web is working properly.

Commit message:

Revise README for clearer installation and setup steps
Updated the installation instructions for Docker, Kubernetes, and Skaffold. Improved clarity on setting up Ingress and Secrets, and added notes on accessing the application locally.

README.md, after:

// Installation 

Prepare Docker and Kubernetes
Install Docker Desktop and enable Kubernetes (or use Docker with K8s enabled).
After that, install Skaffold following the instructions here: [Skaffold Install.](https://skaffold.dev/docs/install/)
We use Skaffold to manage local Kubernetes deployments and CI/CD workflows.

Set up Ingress and Secrets
Add ingress-nginx:
+ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/controller-v1.10.0/deploy/static/provider/aws/deploy.yaml
Create the required secrets for JWT and Stripe:
+ kubectl create secret generic jwt-secret --from-literal=JWT_KEY={your-jwt-key}
+ kubectl create secret generic stripe-secret --from-literal=STRIPE_KEY={your-stripe-key}

// Execute

When everything's prepared go to console and run "skaffold -dev". 
Skaffold will pull the necessary Docker images and install required npm packages.
Wait until all images and packages are ready.

Access the application locally:
Add your desired domain to your hosts file (C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts on Windows).
Example: 127.0.0.1 ticketing.dev
Make sure the same domain is updated in ingress.yaml.

Ignore self-signed certificate warnings:
When opening the site, your browser may warn that the connection is not secure.
On Chrome, type 'thisisunsafe' to proceed.

If there are no errors, the application should be up and running successfully.
